Short: HD Installer for Zool *6 versions*
Type: game/patch
Author: JOTD/Codetapper
Uploader: JOTD

Install-Script & HD-loader © 1996-2008 JOTD
RawDIC Disk Imager © 2000 Codetapper

Zool is © 1991-1993 Gremlins Software.

This installer requires the Zool ORIGINAL disks (there are 2).
It will not work for cracked versions.

FEATURES:

- Full load from HD/RAM
- Convenient installer script letting you choose between the versions
- Nice RawDIC imager by Codetapper (he made a slave for one version of the
  game but I convinced him to let me release my megapack for this game :))
- CD³², 3 ECS, 1 AGA and 1 dostrack Amigafun coverdisk versions supported.
- Less memory demanding. Runs on 512K chipmem amigas (with at least 2MB of fastmem)
- Music fixed to work with caches
- Hiscores saved to hard disk
- Docfile included

SPECIFIC FEATURES

ECS original version:

Three versions are now supported: the original release, golden awards release,
and another release thanks to both users who reported there existed other versions
and sent me their disk 1.
Codewheel protection is removed for the protected version.


AGA original version:

Sprite problems for the main character. One version (the only one?) supported
Codewheel protection is removed.

ECS Amigafun coverdisk:

Same as ECS original version, except that it's a release of AmigaFun and thus
the disks are standard DOS format

CD³² version:

Buggy country check removed (can be run in PAL or NTSC and on UAE now :))
Reworked controls so 2 button joysticks can be used

Controls:

- Set CUSTOM4=1 to enable CD³² joypad controls:
  * Play/Pause: pause/resume/options
  * Blue button acts like green button (so 2 button joysticks can be used too)

- Set CUSTOM4=0 to enable original 1-button floppy version controls
  In the title screen, the program asks for 3¹/² button (green). Just press fire.

Thanks to Psygore for improving OSEmu for real joypad support.


CHEAT MODE

The (original) cheat mode can be activated by typing 'GOLDFISH' in the main menu
(not in CD32 version)
During the game, press:

1 for invincibility (temporary)
2 for levelskip
3 for worldskip
4 for suicide
